The Brave Little Tailor.
<img005>Once there was a little tailor who sat in a town called Romadia ; For a timeOne day when it he was working, it he had an apple lying next to ithim, and many flies were perched upon it, as is usual in summer, which as they were attracted by the sweet smell of the apple. The little tailor got angry at this and took a rag that he was about to go to hell 6droppedtoss, and hit the apple, and looked at it and found that it had killed seven flies. Oh, thought the little tailor to himself, are you are such a hero ?! He Had made a bare armor plate made for himself and written on the breastplate in golden letters: was “Seven in one stroke”. Thereupon the little tailor, wearing his armor, wandered around the streets and alleys, and those who saw him thought that the hero had cut seven men in one blow and were afraid.
Now there was a king in the same country, whose praise rang out far and wide, to whom the lazy tailor went, who immediately after his heroic deed hung up a needle, scissors and an iron, stepped into the courtyard of the royal palace, lay down there in it Grass and fell asleep. The court servants, as they went in and out, saw the tailor in his rich armor, and read the gold script, they were very astonished curious as at to what this warlike man was going to do now, in peacetime, at the king's court? He undoubtedly thought she was a great gentleman.
The king's counselors, who also saw the sleeping tailor, did seeing this, and knowing that Sr.their Majesty, their most gracious king, with gave the most humble remark that, should a warlike conflict arise, this hero would become a very useful man and would serve the country well could. The king liked thisapproved of their speech, and immediately sent for the armored tailor, and asked him whether he wanted servicesemployment. The tailor replied that this was precisely why he had come, and asked the Royal Majesty, wherever she he thought of needing him, to give him the most gracious service. The king promised the little tailor services, gave him a handsome lotament and room, and gave him one 7tha good salary on which it the tailor could live gloriously and in joyful life without doing anything.
It wasn't long before the king's knights, who had only a meager wages, grieved the good tailor, and would have liked to want have him to be with the devilgone, especially feared that if they were to disagree with him, they would want him do not offer enough resistance, since he would kill seven of their seventhem in one go, otherwise they would have liked to have bitten him off, and so they pondered daily and hourly how they would like to get away from the freeman. But since their wit and sagacity were a bit short, like their little skirts, they found no ruse to remove the hero from court, and in the end they advised each other to all appear before the king at the same time, and to ask for leave and dismissal, and so they did.
When the good king saw that all his loyal servants wanted to leave him for the sake of one man, he was sad as never before, and wished that he had never seen the hero after all; But he was afraid to send him away, because he had to fear that he and all his people would like to be slain by him, and afterwards his kingdom would be possessed by the wicked warrior. 
Since the king sought advice in this difficult matter, what should be done in order to amicably dismiss everything and to steer it for the best, he finally devised a ruse, with which he thought the warrior (whom no one valued as a tailor) to get single and get send away. He immediately sent for the hero and said to him how he (the king) had heard that a mightier and stronger battle hero could never be found on earth, because he (the tailor). Now two giants lived in the nearby forest and they would kill him 8thThere was great damage in the country with robberies, murders, singeing and burning, and they could not be approached either with weapons or in any other way, for they would kill everything, and if he should now try to kill the giants, and would really kill them, so he was to receive the king's daughter as his married wife, and half the kingdom as a trousseau, and the king wanted to give him a hundred horsemen to help against the giants.
The little tailor felt very well at this speech by the king, and he thought it was beautiful that it should become a king's daughter and receive half a kingdom for dowry; therefore said pertly: he would like to be at the service of the king, his most gracious lord, and kill the giants, and know how to kill them without the help of the hundred horsemen. Thereupon he ordered himself into the forest, called the hundred horsemen, who nevertheless had to obey him on the king's orders, to wait in front of the forest, stepped into the thicket, and looked around to see if he would like to see the giants anywhere. And finally, after a long search, he found them both sleeping under a tree, and so snoring that the branches on the trees rustled back and forth as if bent by the storm wind.
The tailor did not think twice about it, quickly read his bosom full of stones, climbed up the tree, beneath which lay the giants, and began to throw one of them with a coarse stone on his chest, from which the giant immediately woke up and was angry with his fellow companions and asked why he hit him? The other giant apologized as best he could that he did not know that it must have happened in his sleep; as they now fell asleep again, the tailor took hold again 9a stone, and threw the other giant, who was now angry at his comrade and asked why he was throwing it? but now he didn't want to know anything about it either. When the eyes of both giants had closed again after some quarreling from sleep, the tailor threw again violently at the other, so that he could no longer bear it, and at his companions, from which he thought he was beaten, struck violently; <img009> The other giant didn't want to suffer either, so they both jumped up, and tore trees out of the ground, but to all the luck they left the tree, on which the tailor sat, and hit each other with the trees so violently that they beat each other to death .
When the tailor saw from his tree that the two giants had killed each other, he felt better than he had ever felt, climbed happily from the tree, struck every giant with a wound or several with his sword, and went out of the forest to them Riders. They asked him if he had spotted the giants or if he hadn't seen them anywhere? "Yes," said the tailor, "discovered and seen and killed both of them - I did, and left them lying under a tree." The riders were surprised to hear that, they could not and would not believe that one man 10so unharmed by the giants should have come, and still have killed them, they thennow rode into the forest themselves to see this miracle, and found it just as the tailor had said. The riders were amazed at this, and felt a terrible shock, they felt even worse than before, because they feared that the victor would kill them all if he became an enemy; rode home and told the king what would happen.
When the tailor came to the king and reported his deed himself, and the king's daughter and half the kingdom coveted, the king regretted the promise he made to the unknown warrior, because the giants had now been strangled and could no longer harm them to do; thought about how he might justly get rid of the hero, and was not in the least inclined to give him the daughter. So he said to the tailor how he unfortunately still had a unicorn in another forest, which was doing him very great damage to fish and people; he should catch the same thing, and if he did this, the king would give him the daughter. The good tailor was satisfied with that too, took a rope, went to that forest where the wild unicorn lived, and ordered his assigned to wait outside the forest. he wanted to go in alone and endure the deed on his own, just as he did the deed against the two giants alone and without any other help. When the tailor had strolled around in the forest for a while, he saw the unicorn, which was running towards him with its horn stretched out, and wanted to kill him. But he was not unresponsive, and waited until the unicorn got very close to him, and when it was close to him, he quickly slipped behind the tree next to which he was very close 11stood, and there the unicorn, which was in full running and could no longer turn, ran with all haste against the tree, so that it pushed it almost through and through with its pointed horn, and the horn got stuck in it. Then the tailor, when he saw the unicorn wriggling firmly on the tree, stepped out, wrapped the worn rope around his neck, tied it to the tree completely, went out to his hunting companions, and showed them his victory over the wild unicorn . Thereupon the little tailor went to the king, humbly announcing the happy fulfillment of the royal wish, and modestly recalled the royal double promise. At this the king was saddened beyond measure, and did not know what to do, since the tailor wanted the daughter, whom he should not have. 
And The king wanted one more thing from the warrior. He was supposed tasked to see the cruel wild boar that ran in a third forest and devastated everything, and if he did this too, then the king would give him his daughter without delay and would also order his whole hunting party to help him.
The tailor, not particularly pleased by the king's renewed desire, went out with his companions to the forest, and ordered them to stay outside when the forest was reached ordered them to stay outside. The hunters were very happy and satisfied, for the wild boar had already welcomed them so often that many of them had forgotten sworn themselves to never come back forever, and they all no longer wanted to pursue him, so they thanked the tailor very sincerely for making himself vVenture into the Fahrnisperil alone and leave them there in Numero Safe. The tailor had not entered the forest long before the wild boar caught sight of him and 12rushed towards him with foaming jaws and sharp tusks and wanted to run him straight to the ground, so that his heart trembled and he quickly looked around for rescue. <img012> It said Fortunately he saw an old ruined chapel in the woods, it was brought from ancient times drain, and then the tailor close stood by, and foresaw the chapel, he jumped with a set in, but also the door against an air jump through a window, There were no more panes in it, out again, and immediately the wild boar followed him, which was now rumbling around in the chapel, but the tailor ran quickly around the little house, wiped swung at the door, hurriedly tossedtossing it shut and thus lockinged the cruel game inside the little church. The tailor, then went to the hunting companions, to showed them what he had done., who when they came there, they found the matter true and correctas he had described, and rode home with great astonishment, reporting what they had seen to the king. Whether the news of the once more successful victory of the heroic warrior made the king more happy or more sad, anyone, even with poor understanding, can easily judge, for the king now had to give the tailor the daughter or fear that he would lose his heroism , of which he gave three such astonishing samples, and might turn against himselfthe king. But there is certainly no doubt that if the king had known completely that the hero was a tailor, he would have preferred him to hang by a rope rather than to give him his daughter. But whether the king is a man of no origin and no birth, except 13who gave of his mother, his daughter with little or with great distress, gladly or reluctantly, little tailor asked little or not at all, enough, he was proud and happy to have become gained the king's daughter. So the wedding was not celebrated with great joy from the royal side, and a tailor had become a royal oathheir, yes, a kingprince.
When a little time had passed, the young queen heard her master and husband talking in their his sleep and clearly heard the words: “Servant, make me the doublet… - mend my trousers… - hurry up, - or I'll - measure you the yardstick over the ears! ”The young king's wife found this very surprising, and she almost noticed realized that her husband was a tailor., She reported this what she had heard to her master and father and asked him to help free her from this man. Such Hera speech cut through the king's heart, now knowing that he had had to entrusted his only daughter to a tailor, consoled her as best as he could, and said that she should only open the bedchamber the next night, and that several servants should would stand at the door, and when she was back to hear such wordsgave the word, these servants should go in and kill the man outright. The young woman put up with that and so promised to do it. 
But now the king had an armor-bearer at court, who was kind to the tailor and had heard the king's unfaithful speech, so he hurried to the young king prince and told him about the difficult judgment that had just now been passed on him and pleaded with him that he should defend himself to the best of his ability. The tailor king prince thanked him for his warning and he knew what to do in this matter. How now The tailor king thanked him for his warning and he knew what to do in this matter.  How now The tailor king thanked him for his warning and he knew what to do in this matter. How now 14th
When night had come, the young king and his wife went to rest at the usual time, and soon pretended to be asleep. Then the woman got up secretly and opened the door, whereupon she lay down again very quietly. 
After a while the young king began to talk as if he were asleep, but in a clear voice that those outside the chamber could well hear: "Servant, make my pants - blow my doublet - or I want you to measure the cubits over them Beating ears. I - killed seven in one fell swoop - I killed two giants - I caught the a unicorn - I also caught the wild boar - should I fear thenm - those standing outside the bed chamber? "
When those in front of the chamber heard such words, they fled as if they were chasing a thousand devils, and no one wanted to be the one who dared to go to the tailor. <img014>
And so the brave little tailor was and remained a heir to the throne and eventually king all his life and until his end.
