<img015>
The fairy tale of the seven Swabians .
Once upon a time there were seven Swabians who wanted to be great heroes and go on adventures all over the world. 
But so that they had a good weapon, they first moved went to the world-famous city of Augsburg  and immediately went toto find the most skilled master there to and stock up on defense and weapons.. B Because they had nothing less in mind than to kill the a gigantic monster, which at the same time lived very badly in the area of Lake Constance . 
The master was amazed when he saw the seven, but and quickly opened his armory, which offered an excellent selection for the brave fellows. “Bygott !” Shouted one of the Allgäu , “send des au can you make us a spit? So oaner warmer degrees reach the Zahnstihrer One that is long enough to pierce the monster’s heart. For mi 16Isn'tus a spit of seven men’s size not may be long enough. ”- 
The master looked at him again with a look that almost annoyed the Allgäu man. Because he peeked back with grim eyes, and with a hair there would have been something if the lightning swab hadn't come into the middle at just the right time. “Hotz Blitz!” He shouted, “you hoscht Reacht and I notice you doin maining: like all sieves for oin, so for all sieves noh oin spit.“This was not entirely clear to the Allgäu, but because the others were rightthere, he the master said:“ Joh yes ”. And in less than an hour the master made the spit, which was seven mean's lengths. -– 
Before they left the workshop, however, everyone bought something special, the Knöpflesschwab  a skewer, the Allgäu  a balaclava with a feather on it, the yellow-footed spurs for his boots, noting that they are not only good for riding, but also to hit back. When the sea hare  finally chose armor, the Spiegelschwab , with such caution, completely agreed with him, but said it was better to put on armor in the back than in the front. And bought an old barber's basin from the master's lumber room, big enough to cover his backside. "Note: han i Curasche and go ahead,
And after the seven Swabians, like honest people, paid everything right down to the penny and penny, heard a mass attended church at St. Ulrich as good Christians, and finally bought good Augsburg sausages from the butcher at Gögginger Tore , they went out the gate on their way continue. 
All seven of them held the spear and walked in a row, one after the other, that they 17thlooked like skewered larks. Herr Schulz, the Allgäuer, as the manliest among them, went ahead, then came the Jockele, called the SeeSea hashare, then the Marle, called the Nestelschwab , followed by the Jerkle, who was called the Blitzschwab, then Michel went to the Spiegelschwab, Then came Hans, Knöpflesschwab, and finally Veitle came, that was Gehlfießler. 
Herr Schulz was called the Allgäuer because he was born in Allgau; the Seehas had been sitting on Lake Constance; The nestling swab got his name because instead of buttons he had nestles , but he almost always had to help and hold the pants with his hand, since the nestles were often torn off. The Blitzschwab was called because he had got used to the saying: “Hotz Blitz!”. Spiegelschwab had the habit always wiping his nose on the front part of his jacket, which took on a certain mirror shine; that gave that clean name. Knöpflesschwab was a man who knew how to cook good Knöpfle or Spätzle, which is Knötel in Bavarian German and dumplings in Saxon German. The yellow-footed man was finally from the Bopfingen countryside, whose inhabitants scolded the residents of Gehlfießler. About the fact that once they wanted to pound a cart full of eggs, which they had to bring to their duke as a donation, and trampled the eggs with their feet, because the eggs broke a little and the feet of the Bopfinger yellowed. he knew how to cook good Knöpfle or Spätzle, which is Knötel in Bavarian German and dumplings in Saxon German. The yellow-footed man was finally from the Bopfingen countryside, whose inhabitants scolded the residents of Gehlfießler. About the fact that once they wanted to pound a cart full of eggs, which they had to bring to their duke as a donation, and trampled the eggs with their feet, because the eggs broke a little and the feet of the Bopfinger yellowed. he knew how to cook good Knöpfle or Spätzle, which is Knötel in Bavarian German and dumplings in Saxon German. The yellow-footed man was finally from the Bopfingen countryside, whose inhabitants scolded the residents of Gehlfießler. About the fact that once they wanted to pound a cart full of eggs, which they had to bring to their duke as a donation, and trampled the eggs with their feet, because the eggs broke a little and the feet of the Bopfinger yellowed.
When the seven went along with their spears in good spirits, came across a green meadow in the late twilight of a hay moon day, when a horniss rose not far from them with a hostile grumble from behind a thorn hedge and flew by. About it 18thSchulz, from the Allgäu, was terrified and began to sweat with fear, and shouted to his fellow soldiers: “Listen! Listen! the enemy is drumming! "Then the Jackele, who was walking close behind the shoulder, tasted a bad smell and cried:" Well! well! It's ebbs in the near! I can taste it, look at the powder! ”Then Herr Schulz tore it off, let go of the spit and jumped over a fence, but just came to jump on the prongs of a rake, and the handle hit him in the face and gave him an unwashed blow . Schulz thought the enemy was hitting him and shouted: “Give Bardohn! I surrender. "The other six had jumped over the fence, and since they heard their leader screaming, they all shouted:" Surrender de, noh surrender me au! Do you yield de, noh yield i me au! "But there was no one there, who wanted to capture the seven Swabians; and when they saw this, they were ashamed of their little heartiness, and conspired not to tell any further their first heroic deed.
So the seven Swabians came on their procession into a ravine, and as they marched so bravely on it they did not notice that a mighty bear was in the way until the Allgäu almost bumped his nose on him. When he saw him, he was frightened, stumbled and struck the bear with the skewer, which he was unable to do, and cried miserably: “E bear! E bear! ”Said his last bread was baked and already consumed. But the bear did not move because it was dead as a mouse. The man from the Allgäu was delighted, now looked after his brothers, and saw with renewed horror that they were all lying on the floor as quiet as a mouse, and said he had them 19theven stabbed from behind with the skewer, and gave a woe cry. When those lying on the ground noticed that the bear hadn't eaten the Allgäu, because they had just tumbled over in shock, they looked carefully upwards, and when they saw that the bear was dead, they rose fresh and healthy and kicked around and on the bear, and examined how deep the wound the spear had inflicted on him, but found none, and the lightning swab said: “Hotz lightning! The bear is dead and long dodt! "-" Joh, joh, "said the Jockele," merry de Brohde. "They became one to peel off the bear's skin and take it with them as a sign of victory, but leave the carrion lying around . "Now d 'Schoof de Bären know how he d' Schoof gfresse hod!" Said one of them,
Just got into a forest and got deeper and deeper into the bushes until they got stuck in it. At last the trees were so close that there was no thought of advancement until the Allgäu finally stopped in front of a rough trunk, raised the spear and roared like a lion: “Bygott! through must e. ”Spoke and ran the spear with such force to the side of the tree into the ground that the button swab was wedged between tree and spear like a driving wedge and could neither move nor move. And that wasn't child's play, because now the train stopped completely, nobody could go forwards or backwards. The journeymen made some mighty attempts to pull the Knöpflesschwab out of its jam, but it was a vain effort: Hans sat tight and did not waver. Suddenly it was as if the Allgäu was a big oneThought dawned through the brain; he peeked around and called: 20th“Bygott! I must be the devil if mer God et help! ”And he said:“ Hui Ochs! ”and grabbed the tree with a huge fist and tore it out with its roots, stumps and stems. The Knöpflesschwab, more dead than alive, shot out like the ball when it hit a bed, flew six fathoms skyward and tumbled down so that the earth wobbled overhead. The five others, however, looked up at the man from the Allgäu with great respect, because only now did they see what a discovery they had made in Herr Schulz.
A little further, it became clear again that the Allgäu was not wearing his heart in an ankle strap, because when the seven found their way out of the bushes, a brewer from Munich came along who drove a pack of bristle cattle in front of him and one could find it for him a hundred paces to see what country's child he was. He stood tall and wide when he saw the seven with the spit and made a face as if he wanted to laugh at the brave people. The lightning swab was immediately ahead of him and asked ostentatiously: “What is luegscht, Gsell? hoscht you noh koan Schwohbe gseah? "-" O enough, "replied the other," at my home in the malt kiln they run around by the thousands. "Mockingly meant the black beetles, so called, nobody knows why. That was enough to give the lightning swab, which was at times poisonous like a May frog, to let the louse run over the grind. He approached the Bavarian and quickly gave him a waddle so that his eyes flashed brightly and his ears were buzzing just like the great Horniss. The Bavarian, not lazy, reached out with his arms to give the little swabber one; and it would have been one that he would have thought of all his life. But now the Blitzschwab was a cute little guy, turned 21turned around on one leg seven times, and had learned nothing better in his life than to run away. So it happened that the Bavarian hit the air mightily, turned around like a top, stumbled and fell to the ground like a meadow tree. That helped him finish off; the lightning swab rushed over him like a couch potato and grabbed his throat, while the others held hands and feet and drummed merrily on them. But in the end he would still have mastered them because he was a big, strong guy, if the Allgäu hadn't attacked him like a Maltersack. Then he had to apologize, for better or for worse, because the little group didn’t let go and be single.
And it happened that the good fellows came to a wide blue lake on their onward journey, so it seemed to them, because it was always a bit dusk, the waves were blowing in the wind, and up on its slope the seven Swabians stood and peeked down. how they would like to get across this lake as quickly as possible. But there was no water down there, but a field full of flax, which was in its most beautiful blue bloom.
“Hotz Blitz!” Called the Blitzschwab, “what ischt doh z 'tuan? We have to go over the wild water. "
"Allgäu, you wear it like the hoilich Krischdof ed pilgrims," said the Seehas. - "Bygott!" Replied the Allgäu, "I would go into the water if it didn't go deeper than the neck." the other hand would swim; The Knöpflesschwab was not at all indifferent to the thing, he peeped keenly to see whether there were no sharks, whales or crocodiles in the water; 22ndAnd so the others stood there too, very embarrassed, until the lightning swab pushed around behind them and pushed a few down by shouting: “Freshly gwohgt is not half swum” down; He was followed by the Blitzschwab and the Nestelschwab with greater confidence, and at last the Allgäu rode down on the spit and plopped down one on top of the other until they noticed that their noses had fallen into the field, and afterwards their ribs were slightly bruised opened again, fished the spit, and stepped on it again.
Up to the hour the seven had held the spit amicably, and neither injustice nor unrest had occurred between them. Then the evil enemy came and sowed discord between the Blitzschwab and the Spiegelschwab right in the middle. It happened as follows. When the crowd got a good bit further, it was already night and the moon was just rising. Then the Spiegelschwab felt strange, just like at home and said: "Now hent mers gwonne, Mem sum is not far." The Blitzschwab peeps at him in amazement and asks how he could know. Spiegelschwab laughed smartly: “I'll know de Memmenger Mond.” Drob laughed that water ran out of his eyes and shouted: “Hotz Blitz! Gsell, how stupid you are! "Now the Spiegelschwab could take a rough puff, had often called him short and long, but he did not want to be considered stupid. That was just his sensitive side. Hardly said this, so the Blitzschwab already had its roof. Now the two of them drove together, just like a couple of butcher dogs, and almost compete against each other, to the other 23For a while, until the Seehas finally asked the Allgäu to make peace. He did not allow himself to be asked for long, but immediately grabbed the lightning Swabian by the bundle of his trousers and held him in the air like a frog; he fidgeted as he wanted. Meanwhile the Spiegelschwab did not cease to knock the Blitzschwab on the board; therefore the Allgäu grabbed this too and held his body so stiffly and tightly under the throat that he stood rigid and could not muck. "Bygott!" Shouted Herr Schulz, "I want to teach you more, you thundering, wicked straw guys." Shook one and throttled the other angrier and angrier, until they finally gave each other the word that they wanted to be good friends again, what they remained from that time until their death.
It soon turned out that the Spiegelschwab wasn't as stupid as the Blitzschwab was believed, because when they walked two quarters of an hour they came to Memmingen in the right way, as the one from the moon prophesied. But as if this very little town was supposed to bring bad luck to the Spiegelschwaben today, it soon happened again that the poor man got to the skin and hair. “Through a lot of memes went mer net,” he had said and when asked about the cause, he shook his head and said he knew best himself! So the seven went around the city wall, just to regain the military road at the other end. But then it was again evident that man cannot escape his fate. Because before the Spiegelschwab knows it 24finally doh again, you rascal? Where did you mess around for so long, you gallows? ”The Spiegelschwab's eyes turned green and yellow and thought that his end had come, because the old woman was none other than his lovable half of his wife, whom he gave me nothing to do with he had gone out on a journey with the other journeymen. Here it was important not to think twice about it, so I was quickly over to the hop gardens, to the great cheers of the others, who almost wanted to burst with laughter. But the old woman, as fast as a wagtail on spindly feet, followed quickly behind, and there would have been a bad bouquet between the two if the Spiegelschwaben hadn't come up with a bit of a picnic at the good hour. He had nothing to wear because he had nothing but the bearskin; that now served him well. He hurriedly tossed it over his head, slipped nimbly into his paws and now ran on all fours, no different than a real bear, ran grumbling towards the woman, clasped her with his sharp claws and pressed and embraced her so that her hearing and Seeing passed. The old woman was happy when she escaped the rogue, which now happily went away with the others. From that moment on, however, the custom is written that bad men are often called grumpy bears by their halves of the marriage. who now happily went away with the others. From that moment on, however, the custom is written that bad men are often called grumpy bears by their halves of the marriage. who now happily went away with the others. From that moment on, however, the custom is written that bad men are often called grumpy bears by their halves of the marriage.
"Uf sorrow follows Freid!" Shouted the Allgäu and pointed to the Leutkircher Tor, where there was a tavern, over the door of which it was possible to read: "This is where Märzenbier is served!" would have taken, therefore in no time directed their steps towards the inn and reached with the skewer in the hallway, in the same 25thMoment when the fat brewer stepped outside to check out the weather. When he saw the crowd with the terrible spear, <img025> He didn't feel warm in his heart, but quickly pulled off his cap and politely asked what she wanted. "Se wellet e bit is beer brobiere," said the Allgäu and walked 26thstraight to the carousel with the journeymen. Then it became clear to the landlord that the embassy with the skewer had been sent by the Swabian district government, as it happens at times, to taste the beer and to check whether it was worth the price. So I ran straight into the cellar and brought up a basket of the best that he brewed only for himself and his people. The basket was empty when we looked around, the second in even less time, and when the seven had drunk close to half a bucket in less than two hours, the landlord said he saw that they liked it. The Blitzschwab, however, who always had his mouth open, said: “It would be better if there wasn't a little malt and hops in it.” “That is not true,” replied the innkeeper, who was a rogue, “hops and there is not too little malt in it, but there is too much water.
In long salt, in long salt
(knows au meme amount hoiße, he said)
Braut mer drui beer from one malt
It seems like the core
Des drinket d 'Burgemoischter gladly,
Others think it is Mittelbier,
Des sets mer de gmoane Leud fir;
Third of all, Covent hopes
Drink di potz sapperment!
Then they all went for bass, and the landlord in Memmingen still swears stone and leg that the little heap was nothing else than the chief beer inspector of the Memmingen district.
“Uf sorrow follows freedom!” Said the Allgäu man, without considering that the wise little saying the other way round comes true far more often. It should now 27Once rain and sunshine almost always alternate on the adventurous journey of the seven journeymen, so it was no wonder that the poor bunch soon got caught in the ink again. It was still twirling and whirling in their heads from the overabundantly enjoyed Märzen beer, then their treacherous fate was waiting for them again. Just passed Kronburg when the stern Herr Junker was listening out the window. Might not seem very safe to him with the merry crowd, which even in appearance did not appear too reputable. So he called his henchman and said, "Look at the tramps over there - seems like a clean clan to me." The henchman took seven bullbiter with him, each big enough to fight a bear if necessary, and climbed up down, To hunt down the unfortunate Swabians. She soon overtook them, and since the Blitzschwab was snappy as always, the Haltmichfest made a short thing and took the little heap with him. The man from the Allgäu did not want to go along so easily, but when the dogs growled grimly, he lowered the spear with his ears at the same time and trotted behind them. They were all brought before the Junker von Kronburg, who began a strict interrogation. The Seehas acted as the spokesman for everyone and told them faithfully: How a terrible animal lives in the area around Lake Constance, and as good compatriots and honest men from all Swabian districts they would have come together to free the country from the monster. made the Haltmichfest short thing and took the heap with it. The man from the Allgäu did not want to go along so easily, but when the dogs growled grimly, he lowered the spear with his ears at the same time and trotted behind them. They were all brought before the Junker von Kronburg, who began a strict interrogation. The Seehas acted as the spokesman for everyone and told them faithfully: How a terrible animal lives in the area around Lake Constance, and as good compatriots and honest men from all Swabian districts they would have come together to free the country from the monster. made the Haltmichfest short thing and took the heap with it. The man from the Allgäu did not want to go along so easily, but when the dogs growled grimly, he lowered the spear with his ears at the same time and trotted behind them. They were all brought before the Junker von Kronburg, who began a strict interrogation. The Seehas acted as the spokesman for everyone and told them faithfully: How a terrible animal lives in the area around Lake Constance, and as good compatriots and honest men from all Swabian districts they would have come together to free the country from the monster. who began a strict interrogation. The Seehas acted as the spokesman for everyone and told them faithfully: How a terrible animal lives in the area around Lake Constance, and as good compatriots and honest men from all Swabian districts they would have come together to free the country from the monster. who began a strict interrogation. The Seehas acted as the spokesman for everyone and told them faithfully: How a terrible animal lives in the area around Lake Constance, and as good compatriots and honest men from all Swabian districts they would have come together to free the country from the monster.
But the Junker did not believe that, but stuck to his opinion that they were thugs and thieves and had them put in the house, that is, in prison.28
This is how it works in Schnitzlebutz Heusle,
Doh sing and dance the Meusle
And bark the snails in the hayloft -
the lightning swab sang in the house, but very quietly, like a mouse.
Only the day before, however, had the Junker made the laudable decision to found a penitentiary to frighten all crooks and day thieves, for the benefit and piety of the bourgeoisie and to enlighten the common people. The seven Swabians were just right for him. Otherwise he was a very pious and gentle gentleman, who even did not shear off more wool from his own peasants than he needed to clothe himself warmly. Therefore ordered that the prisoners should be given food as far as they needed it. But Spiegelschwab, who knew him well and knew that Schmalhans lived in his kitchen and cellar, laid out his plan on what he communicated to the journeymen. So when the henchman brought a large pan full of small dumplings, which they call milk spaetzle, at noon, said the Blitzschwab to the Knöpflessschwaben: “Die ghairet probably for di?” The Scherg said that was probably enough for everyone. But the Knöpflesschwab said he wanted to see if it would take long for him, sat down and ate the pan alone, so that not a crumb or crumb was left. The henchman was frightened and ran to the Junker, saying that one had to cook a whole brewing pan full of spaetzle at once for the tramps, and that, he thought, wasn't enough. Then the Junker went to and fro in Kronburg and said that he did not owe such a great sacrifice to the Swabian district and to humanity that he should be starved to death in his castle for a few so that not a crumb or crumb was left. The henchman was frightened and ran to the Junker, saying that one had to cook a whole brewing pan full of spaetzle at once for the tramps, and that, he thought, wasn't enough. Then the Junker went to and fro in Kronburg and said that he did not owe such a great sacrifice to the Swabian district and to humanity that he should be starved to death in his castle for a few so that not a crumb or crumb was left. The henchman was frightened and ran to the Junker, saying that one had to cook a whole brewing pan full of spaetzle at once for the tramps, and that, he thought, wasn't enough. Then the Junker went to and fro in Kronburg and said that he did not owe such a great sacrifice to the Swabian district and to humanity that he should be starved to death in his castle for a fewless rascals sake. They were straight 29Seven set free, only that the Junker gave them a profile to warn other authorities and dungeon servants dutifully against the Knöpflesswaben's great voraciousness.
After more than one other adventure that would be too much to tell, the Swabians came to a large lake, and then the Seehas, who recognized him right away, said: "This is the Bodesee." Dangerous monsters live, which the seven Swabians, as is well known, had firmly resolved to fight and kill. When they saw the lake and at the same time the forest in which the monster was staying, no one knew whether it was a horrible dragon or a dragon that breathed fire, so their hearts mostly fell in their pants, they stopped and lit a fire so that the Knöpflesschwab finally (because who could know whether the monster would not devour them all skin and hair, with or without a skewer) prepare a meal of Knöpfle or Spätzle, and contemplated death while they ate. “Joh,” said the man from the Allgäu and sighed right up from below, “it’s a real thing when you think about it that you’re having lunch for the last time in your life.” And again he sighed and said: "It's a real thing!" And the Knöpflesschwab began to whimper quietly to himself, although he did not forget to eat. But when the Allgäu sighed for the third time, very deeply, and said: “It's a real thing!” They all began to cry and howl so miserably that it could have pityed a wild heathen. The Nestelschwab alone did not let dying go to his heart; because, he said, my mother often told me that my little hour would never come. Howled "It's a real thing, if you really think about that for the last time in your life you'll have lunch." And again he sighed and said: "It's a real thing!" And the button swab began to be quiet to scream to himself, not forgetting to eat. But when the Allgäu sighed for the third time, very deeply, and said: “It's a real thing!” They all began to cry and howl so miserably that it could have pityed a wild heathen. The Nestelschwab alone did not let dying go to his heart; because, he said, my mother often told me that my little hour would never come. Howled "It's a real thing, if you really think about that for the last time in your life you'll have lunch." And again he sighed and said: "It's a real thing!" And the button swab began to be quiet to scream to himself, not forgetting to eat. But when the Allgäu sighed for the third time, very deeply, and said: “It's a real thing!” They all began to cry and howl so miserably that it could have pityed a wild heathen. The Nestelschwab alone did not let dying go to his heart; because, he said, my mother often told me that my little hour would never come. Howled to whimper quietly to himself, not forgetting to eat. But when the Allgäu sighed for the third time, very deeply, and said: “It's a real thing!” They all began to cry and howl so miserably that it could have pityed a wild heathen. The Nestelschwab alone did not let dying go to his heart; because, he said, my mother often told me that my little hour would never come. Howled to whimper quietly to himself, not forgetting to eat. But when the Allgäu sighed for the third time, very deeply, and said: “It's a real thing!” They all began to cry and howl so miserably that it could have pityed a wild heathen. The Nestelschwab alone did not let dying go to his heart; because, he said, my mother often told me that my little hour would never come. Howled that my hour would never come. Howled that my hour would never come. Howled 30thbut still with a good will to society. But when at last they could no longer do it, it occurred to them that it was time to arrange their battle; but there was all sorts of tension and discord. The man from the Allgäu said that he had always been in the lead up to now, it was time now that he was also the hauler, and the lightning bolt should go ahead. But he said: "Curasche han i gnueg em body, but no body gnueg for d 'Curasche and dehs Bescht von Ongheuer." The Spiegelschwab wiped his nose on his sleeve and made the suggestion that it should be better if one for everyone died and said the Knöpflesschwab could do them this little favor; but he shouted Zetermordio, as if the monster already had him sleeping. And so they talked and argued for a while, until they came to a peaceful agreement and hurriedly stepped forward with their spear, straight towards the forest where the monster was supposed to live. Before they reached it, they came to a rain forest in front of it, there sat a hare and made a man, and stretched its long spoons up into the air; The Swabians were horrible at that, so they stopped their pace, took advice and wondered whether they should move forward and step on the monster with a long spear stretched out, or whether they should turn to flee; but everyone held fast to the spit. Since Veitle was most of all in Numero Safe in the back, his crest swelled and he shouted to Schulzen, who was standing in front: there sat a hare and made a man, and stretched its long spoons up into the air; The Swabians were horrible at that, so they stopped their pace, took advice and wondered whether they should move forward and step on the monster with a long spear stretched out, or whether they should turn to flee; but everyone held fast to the spit. Since Veitle was most of all in Numero Safe in the back, his crest swelled and he shouted to Schulzen, who was standing in front: there sat a hare and made a man, and stretched its long spoons up into the air; The Swabians were horrible at that, so they stopped their pace, took advice and wondered whether they should move forward and step on the monster with a long spear stretched out, or whether they should turn to flee; but everyone held fast to the spit. Since Veitle was most of all in Numero Safe in the back, his crest swelled and he shouted to Schulzen, who was standing in front:
"Bump into äller Schwobe name,
So I wish that you would like to slacken! "
The Hans, the front man of Veitle Gehlfießler, Knöpflesschwab, mocked Veitle's Curasche by saying:31
"At the Element, you have a good chat,
You bite the Letscht when driving the dragon! "
The heartiness of Michel's hair stood on end, he did not look at the monster at all, but spoke with averted face, as he brought the sleeve closer to his face:
"There will be no shortage of a hoar,
So it is probably the devil! "
Jergle peered into Michel's face, and did not even look at the monster's hat, while he hesitantly agreed:
"Lightning! if he doesn't do it, so be it mother,
Or be the devil's step-brother! "
Marle Nestelschwab, who was already quite far in front of the spit, where the Swabians were walking, did not like his place, and he had a good idea; He also turned around, since he did not find it necessary to look at the monster, and called to Vitus:
"Gang, Veitle, gang, walk ahead,
I will dohente for di stahn! "
Veitle, however, opened his ears and pretended not to hear, whereupon the Marle said to Jockele:
"Gang, Jockele, gang, walk ahead,
You suspect spur and boot,
That the dragon does n't bite! "
But Jockele found his consolation in the fact that the Allgäu was at the head of the spit of the seven Swabians and the adventure to be had, and said:
"Schulz, he must be the first,
Because he deserves honor alone. "
Schulz Allgäuer took heart and spoke courageously, since it was now in the inevitable danger:
"So go heartily into the dispute,
Dohran recognizes mer brave people. "
32
And so, in God's name, the monster was attacked at a rapid pace, and when Schulzen's heart pounded, he could not help his fear and shouted: “Hau, huelhau! Hau, hauhau! ”Then the hare was frightened and gave a spur-of-the-moment heel money across the country, and ran what he could run. Now Schulz Allgäuer said happily:
“Potz Veitle, luag, luag, what's that?
There is no hate! "
"Hoschts see? Hoschts gsehe? ”The others asked each other. "Hotz Blitz! A thing like a calf! ”Cried the lightning swab. The nestling swab did his greatest curse: “With all due respect! That you bite Meusle! E animal like a mastoch! ”“ Oho! ”Shouted the Knöpflesschwab:“ An elephant is noh katz against the Ohntier. ”“ Bygott! ”Replied the Allgäu,“ if the koa has ache, noh woiss i the three-man white from Revenge user net z 'difference! "
“Noh, Noh!” Conveyed the Seehas: “Have it! Has hen! A sea hare is just bigger and grumpier than every hare in the holy remic realm. ”“ As the sea white more dear and bitter than all white in the holy remic realm, ”said the crescent at the back, and the sea hare almost had a couple of waddles about this suggestiveness given, for it offended him seriously that Veitle mocked the lake wine which he liked from childhood. But it is the same with the lake wines: there are three kinds of them, first of all the sorrel, tastes only a little better than vinegar and only warps the mouth a little, especially when one has got used to it. The second type is called three men’s wine, tastes ten degrees below vinegar and was baptized that way because it is said that whoever condemns it to drink it is held by two 33must be while a third pours it. The third type is the throat cleaner, has the praiseworthy quality that it removes mucus and everything else, but it is necessary that whoever goes to sleep with the wine in his body should be woken up at night so that he may turn around, otherwise the throat cleaner wants to eat a hole in his stomach.
Now that the adventure with the monster was so successfully passed by the seven Swabians, they became one, <img033>  now to rest from their deeds and return home peacefully. Before that, however, it was necessary to erect a sign of victory that would announce its triumph to the world around us and posterity for eternity. Since it was now impossible, as brave knights did before times, to hang up the dragon's skin in a church, while no dragon had carried its hide to the market and the hare in its hide safely escaped, the good journeymen became one, their bearskin and their spear to donate a trophy to the nearest chapel, which was then called the Chapel of the Swabian Savior. The spear will probably still hang there, but the moths have eaten the bearskin, and the sparrows have carried their hair into their nests.
