<img034>
From the Swabian who ate the liver.
When our dear Lord and Savior was still walking on earth, from one city to another, preaching the gospel and doing many signs, a good, simple-minded Schwab came to him for a time and asked him: “My fellow sufferer, where are you going? “Our Lord answered him:“ I will move and save the people. ”So the Schwab said:“ Do you want to leave me with you? ”-“ Yes, ”answered our Lord,“ if you want to be pious and gracious pray. ”That said the Schwab. As they were walking together, they came between two villages, in which one rang the bell. The Schwab, who liked to chat, asked our Lord God: “My fellow sufferer, what do you ring?” Our Savior, to everyone 35Knowing things, replied: "In one village you ring the bell for a wedding, in the other to celebrate a dead person." - "Go to the dead!" Said the Schwab, "I will go to the wedding."
Our Lord God then went into the village and brought the dead back to life, and they gave him a hundred guilders. The Schwab changed his clothes at the wedding, helped pour, one guest after the other, and also himself, and when the wedding was over he was given a cruiser. Schwab was probably satisfied with that, set off and came back to our Lord God. As soon as the Schwab saw him from afar, he lifted his little cruiser and shouted: “Lie, my fellow sufferer! I have money; what is the matter with you? "So drove a lot of boasting with his little cruiser. Our Lord laughed at him and said: "Oh, I have more than you!" Opened the sack and let the Swabians see the hundred guilders. But he was not uncomfortable, quickly threw his poor little cruiser under the hundred guilders, and shouted: “Common, common!
Now, as they were walking on together, it happened that they came to a flock of sheep, so our Lord God said to the Swabian: “Go, Swab, to the shepherd, tell him to give us a lamb and cook the hanger or noise for us to a meal. ”-“ Yes! ”said the Schwab, did as the Lord told him to do, went to the shepherd, asked for a lamb, took it off and prepared the hanger for eating. And when it was boiling, the little liver always swam up; the Schwab presses it under with a spoon, but it wouldn't stay down, that annoyed the Swabian beyond measure. Took 36therefore a knife, cut the liver while it was done, and ate it. And when the food came on the table, our Lord asked where the liver had gone? But the Schwab was immediately at hand with the answer that the little lamb had none. “Oh!” Said our Lord, “how would it have lived without a liver?” Then the Schwab conspired high and dear: <img036>  “There was none with God and all God's saints!” What did our Lord God want to do? If he wanted the Schwab to remain silent, he must be satisfied.
Now it happened that they were walking together again, and then the bell rang again in two villages. The Schwab asked: "Dear, what do you ring the bell?" - "In one village you ring the bell for a dead person, in the other for a wedding," said our Lord God. “Well!” Said the Schwab. "Now you're going to the wedding, so I want to go to the dead!" (Thought he also wanted to earn a hundred guilders). Further asked the Lord: “Dear, how did you do that you raised the dead?” - “Yes,” answered the Lord, “I said to him, get up 37Names of the Father, Son and Holy Spirit! Then he got up. ”-“ All right, all right! ”Cried the Schwab,“ now I know how to do it! ”And went to the village, where the dead were carried to him. When the Schwab saw this, he called out in a clear voice: “Stop there! Stop there! I want to bring it to life, and if I do not bring it to life, then hang me without judgment or justice. "
The good people were happy, promised the Swabian a hundred guilders, and put down the bier on which the dead man lay. The Schwab opened the coffin and began to speak: "Stand up in the name of the Holy Trinity!" But the dead person did not want to get up. The Swabian was frightened, he spoke his blessing the second and third time, but when the dead man did not rise, he cried out angrily: "Well, stay in a thousand devil names!" When the people heard this ungodly speech, and saw that they had been betrayed by the dude, they left the coffin, grabbed the Swabian and soon hurried with him to the gallows, threw the ladder and led the Swabian up.
Our Lord God slowly pulled up his street, knowing very well how the Swabian would fare, wanted to see how he would fare, came to the court and cried: “O good fellow, what have you done? In what form do I see you? ”The Schwab was wild as a flash and began to scold that the Lord had not taught him the blessing correctly. “I have taught you right,” said the Lord. “But you have not learned and done it correctly, but be as it will. If you want to tell me where the little liver has gone, I will take care of you! ”-“ Oh! ”Said the Schwab,“ the little lamb really had no liver! Wes draw 38you me? ”-“ Oh, you just don't want to say it! ”said the Lord. “Well, confess it, that's how I want to bring the dead to life!” But the Schwab began to scream: “Hang me, hang me! So I come from the torture. He wants to force me with the little liver, and yet hears well that the lamb had no liver! Hang me straight and quickly! "
When our Lord God heard this, that the Schwab would rather be hanged than admit the truth, he ordered him to be lowered and now brought the dead to life himself.
When they left together again, our Lord God said to the Swabian: "Come here, we want to share the money we have won, and then part ways, because if I had to kill you from the gallows everywhere and everywhere, that would be too much for me." So took the two hundred guilders and divided them into three parts. As such the Schwab saw, he asked: “Well, dear, why are you making three parts when ours are only two?” - “Yes,” answered our dear Lord God, “the one part is mine; the other part is yours, and the third part is the one who ate the liver! ”When the Schwab heard this, he exclaimed cheerfully:“ So I ate it with God and all God's dear saints Said it and also crossed out the third part, and thus took leave of our dear Lord God.
